
# Similarity Data 1
From: https://lars.yencken.org/datasets/kanji-confusion/

```
Yencken, Lars (2010) Orthographic support for passing the reading hurdle in Japanese. PhD Thesis, University of Melbourne, Melbourne, Australia
```

# flashcards.csv (4kb)

The White Rabbit flashcard pairs contains the distractor kanji for each of the flashcard. 
The dataset is in space-separated CSV format and UTF-8 encoding, and contains the similarity pairs from 284 flashcards. 

```
21 出 山
22 分 合令
23 前 崩削
```

# poolexp_judgements.yaml (8kb)
The pooled similarity experiment, as described in Yencken and Baldwin (2008), was an attempt to determine the reproducibility of the flashcard similarity data set listed above. Each participant, a native or native-like speaker of Japanese, was given a number of kanji and for each was asked to select the most similar or confusable from a preselected pool of similar kanji.

The data is available in gzipped YAML format. Each record indicates the participant, the pivot kanji, the distractor pool which was selected from, and the selection made. An example record is provided below.

```
participant_id: 18
pivot: 住
distractors: [主, 任, 往, 柱]
selected: [任]
```

# Kanji Similarify Sets

```
jyouyou__strokeEditDistance.csv (224kb)
jyouyou__yehAndLiRadical.csv (200kb)
```

 We investigated a large number of similarity metrics over pairs of Japanese kanji. To support their easy integration into applications, we provide some pre-calculated similarity sets here. Each set is generated by comparing all pairs of kanji from the 常用 “everyday use” kanji set of 1945 kanji, and keeping the top 10 most similar neighbours for each kanji. Each file is in UTF-8 encoded, space-separated CSV format. Some example entries are given below:

Each line begins with the “pivot” kanji which is the basis for comparison. It is then followed by ten (neighbour, similarity) pairs. In the above example, the kanji 教 has nearest neighbour 赦 with similarity 0.727273, and next-nearest neighbour 政 with similarity 0.636364. Each file is prefixed with the kanji set pairings were drawn from, and suffixed with the metric used to calculate similarity.

```
教 赦 0.727273 政 0.636364 攻 0.636364 孝 0.636364 契 0.636364 ...
衛 偉 0.75 衝 0.625 違 0.625 街 0.5625 停 0.5625 程 0.5625 ...
```

# Similarity Data 2

https://github.com/lennart-finke/kanjidist-visualiser/blob/master/data/dkanjistat.json
https://github.com/lennart-finke/kanjidist-visualiser/tree/master/data